[Music]
Myy Greetings to all Buddhist followers
and friends watching the
Buddhist activities and meritorious deeds of Buddhist follower
Pham Thi Yen, Dharma name Tam Chieu Hoan Quan. The Buddhist activities and meritorious deeds of Buddhist follower Pham Thi Yen in the year of the Rat (2020)
include the
following noteworthy contents: Ms. Pham Thi Yen and
Buddhist followers in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club organized a
three-day, two-night ceremony to pray for the souls of heroic martyrs; Ms. Pham Thi
Yen participated in the program celebrating the
Buddha's enlightenment day; Ms. Pham Thi Yen distributed
charitable gifts to Buddhist followers in
difficult circumstances and families of martyrs in the
Golden National Club; Ms. Pham Thi Yen and
Buddhist followers of the Golden National Club expressed gratitude to their teacher in the
program on November 20th, the teacher who
beautifies life; Buddhist followers of the
Golden National Club expressed gratitude to Ms. Pham Thi Yen Ngan
on November 20th; Ms. Pham Thi Yen
participated in the closing ceremony of the year's social charity activities
of the Truc Minh Buddhist group. Some
other noteworthy news: The following are the
detailed contents.
Dear Buddhist followers and friends, to
have...  The peaceful life we ​​enjoy
today is the result of countless generations of our ancestors who
sacrificed their lives and blood on the
battlefield. With hearts full of gratitude and reciprocation, as
taught by the Buddha, we repay the
Four Great Debts of Gratitude, including the debt to the nation and its people. Recently, under the guidance of the Venerable Master Thich Chuc Thai Minh and the monks of Ba Vang Pagoda, the head of the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club, along with the Buddhist followers
practicing the Six Harmonies at the pagoda, organized a
three-day, two-night ceremony to pray for the souls of the heroic martyrs, cultivating gratitude and praying for national peace and prosperity.
During the ceremony, the head of the club
and the Buddhist followers of the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club sincerely prepared the rituals and
offerings to the
heroic martyrs,
creating merit from the Three Jewels
to protect and dedicate
the good deeds to the souls of the martyrs. With
the witness and approval of the Venerable monks,
the head of the club, representing the
Buddhist followers of the Golden Chrysanthemum Club practicing the Six Harmonies,
offered a respectful address: "We respectfully address you, esteemed Buddhist
followers, as taught by the Buddha
that if one..."  Those who are ungrateful
cannot attain
Buddhahood. We, your disciples, have received the teachings of our
master and the Venerable Monks, enabling us to
practice meritorious deeds to repay the Fourfold Gratitude.
Today, our master has
promised us that the Venerable Monks will perform the ceremony for us to cultivate meritorious deeds to repay the
gratitude to the
heroic martyrs who sacrificed themselves for the country and
preserved its independence. The Buddha taught that
no merit can free sentient beings from
suffering, no
merit can bring them enlightenment. Only
merit from the Three Jewels, from the Buddha, Dharma, and Sangha,
can bring sentient beings enlightenment
and free them from suffering. There is
no more sublime way to repay gratitude
than through the Three Jewels, through repaying kindness and showing
gratitude to one another. Today,
thanks to the grace of the Buddhas, thanks to the grace of our
master and the Venerable Monks,
we are able to repay this profound and deep gratitude.
We humbly bow in reverence
to the Three Jewels, our master, and the
Venerable Monks for three consecutive days and two nights.
Currently observing a period of seclusion at the
temple, the Buddhists are divided into groups to chant scriptures and perform
rituals without interruption. At the end of each ceremony, the
Buddhists sing the Six
Harmonies Song to commemorate the merits of the Six Harmonies and
dedicate the merits to the heroic martyrs. In
addition, Buddhists
in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club also offer alms and
meals, hoping to dedicate the
blessings to the martyrs. At the end of
the memorial service, the Buddhists
vowed to practice the Bodhisattva path, seeking the supreme path to enlightenment, repaying the Fourfold Gratitude, and
helping the three realms, contributing to a peaceful country, a
prosperous and happy people, and the flourishing of
Buddhism. Respectfully, dear
Buddhists and friends, with sincere gratitude to the
Buddha for discovering the
ultimate path to happiness and bringing the
light of truth and liberation to
all beings, on January 20th,
2021 (the 8th day of the 12th lunar month of the Year of the
Rat), with the permission of Venerable Thich
Truc Thai Minh and the monks of Ba
Vang Temple, the Buddhists practicing and observing
seclusion at the temple organized various
programs.  Celebrating the anniversary of the
Buddha's enlightenment, with songs such as "Celebrating the Buddha's Enlightenment," "Bodhisattva's
Vow," and "Meditation,"
the
program celebrated the Buddha's
enlightenment with joyful songs, especially the medley of three songs: "The Buddha's Enlightenment," "Saving My Life," and "Celebrating the Enlightenment of Shakyamuni Buddha," composed by Ms. Pham Thi Yen. The
Buddhists expressed their
deep gratitude to Shakyamuni Buddha, the All-Enlightened One, the
master of
heaven and earth, who brought the light of
wisdom, dispelling the darkness of ignorance, guiding sentient
beings on the path to true happiness, the path of
liberation.
[Applause]
To continue the program, representing the
Buddhists in the National Golden Club,
Ms. Pham Thi Yen offered a prayer requesting the
Venerable Thich Chuc Thai Minh and other Venerable monks to
witness the Buddhists'
vow.  Practicing the Six
Harmonious Deeds and cultivating Bodhi virtues,
we sincerely vow,
from now until the end of our lives, to practice the Six Harmonious Deeds, to cultivate and
practice the
Six Harmonious Deeds, to firmly
uphold the Bodhi Mind without wavering, to
protect the Three Jewels, to
spread the Buddha
Dharma throughout the
world. On the night commemorating the Buddha's
enlightenment, with the permission of Venerable
Thich Chuc Thai Minh and the monks of
Ba Vang Pagoda, Ms. Pham Thi Yen and the Buddhists
of the Quoc Vang Club practiced
sitting meditation to contemplate the inner self,
to eliminate afflictions, and to some extent
felt happiness in their hearts.
Dear Buddhists and friends,
in the spirit of love and mutual assistance,
Ms. Pham Thi Yen and
representatives of the Buddhists of the
Quoc Vang Club visited
Buddhist families with particularly
difficult circumstances, those with relatives suffering from chronic illnesses,
and
the families of martyrs.
There were words of encouragement, visits, and
gifts. Although the material value was
not much, they were
filled with love and compassion
from the Buddhist followers. Receiving the
heartfelt gesture from the teacher and fellow practitioners in the
Buddhist Family Club, the members expressed their
emotion and happiness at being
Buddhists in a harmonious practice environment.
Everyone not only encouraged each other in their
practice but also helped and supported each other
in their family circumstances, supporting
each other to overcome difficulties and hardships to diligently
practice. In addition, the teacher also visited some
Buddhist families whose relatives were
martyrs or whose mothers were Vietnamese Heroic Mothers. Through this, the
teacher and the Buddhists expressed their
deep gratitude to the mothers and martyrs who
selflessly sacrificed themselves to protect peace
for the Vietnamese nation.
Dear Buddhists and friends,
Vietnamese Teachers' Day, November 20th, is a
day when the whole nation turns its attention to
the teachers who have guided and
imparted knowledge and skills on the
path of life. In that spirit, the Buddhists
in the Golden Cup Club practice the Six Harmonies.
Representing the numerous Buddhist followers of Ba
Vang Pagoda, a ceremony was held to offer alms to the monks and to express
gratitude
to the teachers who have beautified lives. This was to thank
Venerable Thich Truc Thai Minh and the other
venerable monks and nuns of Ba Vang Pagoda, the teachers who
have taught the Buddhists knowledge on the
path to happiness and liberation. In the
atmosphere of the whole country celebrating
Vietnamese Teachers' Day on November 20th, Ms. Pham
Thi Yen and the Buddhist followers of the
Quoc Vang Club, practicing the Six Harmonies, prepared
food and fragrant flowers to offer to
Venerable Thich Truc Thai Minh and the monks and
nuns of Ba Vang Pagoda. That evening,
during the program "Teachers Who
Beautify Lives," some Buddhist followers shared
stories of how their lives have changed
since learning about Buddhism. Along with that, the
Buddhist
followers offered songs and hymns expressing gratitude to their teachers, the ones who have given them the principles of
life, the ones who have transmitted to them the Light of the Buddha's Wisdom, the ones who have guided their
lives, the
wonderful words
they have written, the stories of
enlightenment.
With heartfelt gratitude, Ms. Pham Thi
Yen, representing the Buddhist community of the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club, offered words of appreciation and, together with other
Buddhists, presented flowers and
offerings to Venerable Thich Chuc Thai
Minh and the monks and nuns of Ba Vang Pagoda to
express their profound respect and gratitude.
Dear Buddhists and friends,
on Vietnamese Teachers' Day, November 20th,
the Buddhists in the Golden Chrysanthemum
Club, practicing the Six Harmonies,
sent their gratitude and
beautiful flowers to Ms. Pham Thi Yen, a
special teacher and fellow practitioner who always
wholeheartedly guides and encourages Buddhists to practice and
apply the Buddha's teachings for
practical benefits in the lives of lay
Buddhist disciples. Concluding the
gratitude program on November 20th, the Buddhists in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club, who have made
the lives of their teachers beautiful,
unexpectedly presented their gratitude and
beautiful flowers to their club leader, Ms. Pham Thi
Yen, on this special day.  The Vietnamese Buddhist community
welcomes the heartfelt sentiments of Buddhist followers. Ms. Pham
Thi Yen confided that she was deeply
moved and
longed to receive guidance from
the Buddhist community. She shared
that as a Buddhist, she
had begun to live her
own life, not one based on others' opinions. She emphasized that
we should live
this life according to what we have
and according to our purpose. We
shouldn't
live with our body as ourselves and our mind as
others, but rather with our own self-interest.
Let our body and mind be
one; only then can we truly
live. Dear Buddhist followers and friends,
after a period of establishment and practice
at the Golden Cup Club, the
Truc Minh Buddhist group in Ho
Chi Minh City recently held a ceremony to summarize its
social charity activities in
2020. The program was attended by Ms.
Pham Thi Yen, the group leader, and Ms.
Luu Thi Binh, the head of the Truc Minh group,
along with other Buddhist
members and the Truc Minh group.
During the ceremony, the
Truc Minh group members presented
songs and hymns of praise.
In addition to expressing gratitude to the Buddha, Dharma, and Sangha, the congregation
reported on the summary of its Buddhist practice and
social charity activities over the past year.
The congregation's leader and
representatives presented gifts to commend the
diligent Buddhists. Through this,
she shared some words of praise for the
benevolent spirit of the Buddhists, hoping
that after this summary, the
Truc Minh congregation will have more motivation to
continue developing this benevolent spirit, helping
the congregation to grow stronger and
more prosperous. Dear Buddhists and friends,
besides the main contents above, in
the fourth quarter of the year of the Rat, Ms. Pham Thi Yen also
had the following noteworthy Buddhist activities.
Recently, Ms. Pham Thi Yen
has held online Buddhist Dharma sharing sessions
on Facebook groups such as "Sharing
with Ms. Pham Thi Yen," "Mindfulness," "
Buddhist Abroad," and "
Buddhist Love, Marriage, and Family Club." In these
sessions, Ms. Pham Thi Yen answered
some questions about issues such as raising
children correctly, whether precognition has the capacity for enlightenment, and the
benefits of establishing a Buddhist practice group.  Through her practice of transforming
karmic illnesses and addressing folk beliefs
such as "three sons bring no wealth," and fortune-telling based on chicken feet,
Ms.
Pham Thi Yen has helped people
better understand and respond to
common situations in
daily life. With the desire to spread
Buddhist teachings to everyone through remedies,
she recently shared a folk
remedy for preventing colds and maintaining health
during the winter. This remedy was applied by
Buddhist practitioners in the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club, who practiced the Six Harmonies, and experienced significant relief from cold
symptoms. Following the
request of the Buddhist practitioners, Ms.
Pham Thi Yen recently undertook a Buddhist mission to
several southern provinces. During this trip, she
shared with groups of
Buddhist practitioners in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club
on topics such as spiritual practice,
guiding one's own spirituality, and the role of the
Dharma center in cultivating
loving-kindness and sowing seeds of compassion.
At the request of the Buddhist practitioners, Ms.
Pham Thi Yen held several meetings.  In person, Ms. Pham Thi Yen
shared Buddhist teachings and
answered questions about life
and practice with Buddhist groups in the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club, the
Youth Club of Ba Vang, the lecturers and
students of the Academy of Finance, etc. During
these meetings, Ms. Pham Thi Yen
shared about spiritual issues in life,
knowledge about the Six Harmonies, etc., to
help Buddhists increase their understanding and
firmly walk on the path of practice, seeking
happiness, peace, and liberation. The
above information concludes the meritorious Buddhist activities of the
fourth quarter of the year of the Rat (2020) by Buddhist follower Pham Thi
Yen, Dharma name Tam Chieu Hoan Quan. For more
information and contributions,
please visit the website phthien.com,
Facebook Pham Thi Yen Tam Chieu Hoan
Quan fanpage, and YouTube Pham Thi Yen Tam Chieu
Hoan Quan. Thank you to all
Buddhist followers and friends for your interest and support. Goodbye and see you again at the meritorious
Buddhist activities of the first quarter of the year of the Ox (2021). Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni
[Music]
[Applause]